I'm inside of our publisher file.
Inside of here we are creating some piece of data and then publishing it off to the net server.
Now, when we take a look at this published code, it definitely works right now.
But I want you to really imagine all the locations where we could very easily make a typo and not really
have anything to catch that typo.
If I take a look at this data object, I could very easily accidentally define price as a string like
dollar sign 20 instead of title.
I could very accidentally put in name.
On the subject of ticket created right here.
I could very accidentally put in ticket created, which is a different channel as far as Nat streaming
server is concerned.
So even though this code is very simple right now and easy to understand, there's an incredible number
of locations where we could very easily make a typo that would be rather hard to catch when we start
to deploy a service.
So in this video, we're going to start to put together a publisher based class very similar to the
base listener class we already put together.
The entire goal of all this is to get TypeScript to check our code and make sure that whenever we try
to emit some kind of event or some data, it has the correct structure, the correct properties, the
correct types, and make sure that whenever we actually publish that data, we provide a valid subject
name inside of here as well.
That is the goal of all the stuff we are trying to get TypeScript to help us out and make sure we don't
make these silly typos at this point.
Just as a side comment, this all might seem really unnecessary.
You might be thinking, Stephen, when am I going to make a typo?
Well, remember on a microservices project, the kind of underlying assumption here is that you're going
to be working on a microservices project with a team, and so you need something in place to make sure
that your teammates do not make mistakes just as much as you need to make sure that you are not going
to make a mistake.
It is very easy for people in a team to just very slightly miscommunicated.
On whether some property name is title or name you never know.
Okay.
So long story short, we're going to write out some code that looks very, very similar, almost identical
to the base listener class.
It's going to be an abstract class.
We're going to try to have some coupling or checking using a subject and some other kind of argument
thingamajig or something like that.
Let's just get to it and start writing some code.
Inside of my events directory, I'll make a new file called Base Publisher.
Yes.
Inside of here.
I'm going to immediately add in a couple of imports.
I'm going to get Stan.
From Node Nat streaming.
And I'm going to get our big list of subjects from subjects.
I then want you to find an export.
An abstract class called publisher.
I want this to be a generic class because this is how we're going to eventually enforce some type of
checking on the subject for all the different subclasses of publisher we put together.
So this is going to be a generic class.
We're going to accept some type that we're going to refer to as T.
And it's going to extend event.
Let's define that event interface right above.
So in order to be an event, you must have a subject, and the subject must be one of the subjects listed
out inside that subject's enum.
You must also have a data property and its type can be any.
We don't really want to enforce any specific data type around this base interface.
It's now inside a publisher.
We're going to do something very similar that we did inside of our listener, where we're going to say
that this thing has a couple of different abstract properties, so we're not going to use this publisher
directly.
Same way we did not use the listener directly.
We are going to subclass publisher and have different publishers that are meant to publish different
kinds of events.
So we're going to define an abstract property of subject.
And this must be equal to.
Be it custom type right here or the generic types subject property.
Our publisher is also going to need a copy of the Nats client that hopefully has already been initialized
inside of our application.
So we'll make sure this thing has a constructor.
Where we're going to receive some client type nets.
I'll make sure that I update the client property.
And I'll make sure.
Sorry.
Not.
Not Stan.
That's such an easy thing to forget.
Who came up with that?
They should really should just call it client.
But I digress.
We'll also make sure that our class has a property of client as well.
We'll say client.
Will be of type.
Stan.
I'm going to make sure this thing is marked as private just so no one else tries to reach in and mess
around with it at all.
Okay.
So now we need a function that is going to actually start to publish some information just as we had
the and function inside of our base listener class.
Remember, listen right here.
This is what actually reached out with the Stan client and created a subscription.
We want to have a function very similar to that inside of our publisher.
And the goal of this function is going to be to take some data or like an event data and publish it
off to the NAT streaming server.
So we're going to define a function called publish.
This thing is going to take some data that we want to publish and its type is going to be of type T
data.
Then inside of here, we're going to make use of our Nat's client very similar to how we did back over
here inside of our publisher file.
We're going to call publish on that client.
We're going to provide the subject that we want to provide this or publish this data as and then the
data as the second argument.
So inside of here, we'll say this client publish.
The subject that we want to publish this event, too, is going to be the subject property.
So this subject and the data that we want to be publishing is the data argument data like.
So now there is an optional third argument here of a callback function.
We're going to come back and work with this callback function in just a little bit.
But right now, whenever it gets executed, after we publish this event, let's just do a console log
of event published.
And like I said, we'll eventually come back and do something a little bit more with the callback.
All right.
So believe it or not, that is pretty much it for this abstract publisher base class.
It's now just the same as what we were doing with our listener.
This is the definition of what a publisher is.
We're now going to subclass the publisher into something that can actually publish very specific kinds
of events, such as a ticket created event.
So inside of my events directory, I'm going to make a new file called Ticket Related Publisher TS.
Inside of here at the very top, we will import the publisher.
We just created from base publisher.
I will also import the ticket created events.
From ticket created event.
And then finally I'm going to get our subjects in some.
From subjects.
Then inside of here, we're going to export a class called Ticket Created Publisher.
And it's going to extend.
Publisher.
And because we are making use of publisher, remember publisher is a generic class, which means we
have to provide a type argument.
So the type of event that we're trying to publish here is a ticket created event.
So we'll stick in ticket related events like so.
Then we're going to define the subject.
If we hover over this, as a matter of fact, it'll tell us we have to define the subject.
Very similar to what we did inside the listener.
We're going to say that the subject must always be of type subjects.
Ticket created and the actual value for it must be subjects to get created.
And that's pretty much it.
We do not have to define a published function here.
We already define the published function inside the publisher base class.
So how would we actually make use of this?
Well, this video is running a little bit long.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
We'll come back to the next video and then see how we actually make use of this custom publisher.